\section*{Meeting with Product owner}

\subsection*{Participants}
\textbf{Convener}: \productowner{} \\
\textbf{Facilitator}: \facilitator{}  \\
\textbf{Recorder}: \scrummaster{}  \\
\textbf{Others}: \groupleader{} \\
\textbf{Absent}: 

\subsection*{Agenda}
\begin{itemize}
    \item Feedback
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{Minutes}
We have less to talk about this time as its mostly re factoring. We did not change much in the general structure, we looked up how to structure with a module pattern and android studio  like approach with string localization and style. We found a solution for figuring out where in the scope we are using a simple stack and a tree structure. We should document our decisions.

We currently have scopes working for only namespaces and there is duplication on cpp files. 

Could have a force directed graph on the captions of the nodes (The name labels). 

The size of the objects could be based on the number of lines and complexity. 

We should check for informal user-studies or ethic's board for formal user-studies. We need concrete feedback. It seem to be more on the side of informal studies. 

We don't need compliance form if we don't collect user-data or want to cite a person directly. 

For the next sprint we had planned meta-data and multidimensional variables, we won't be able to finish this but we will go in this direction. We should focus on the meta-data and cohesion, make it easier for users to understand what is happening.

\newpage